COME BACK AND TALK ABOUT COMPLEXIT



Problem #1 (Inchworm)

Initial Thoughts:
To approach this problem, im firstly going to need some kind of loop that goes over the entire breach and a counter that counts
how many leafs are eaten. I think a for loop will be the best approach as i will be easily able to increment accross the whole 
branch by the rest value which is where the only spot where the inchworm stops. When at the each individual rest point, 
i need to check if a leaf exists at this point that she can eat. I think i can do this by checking checking if the 
current position (lets say i) % leaf spacing is equal to 0, meaning there is a leaf existing at this rest point if so, she will
stop on this leaf and eat it, i will then have a counter which increments when she eats a leaf. 

Reflection:
I was able to solve this using the above strategy, it was essentially just a simple for loop. 


Problem #2 (ThrowTheBall)

Initial Thoughts:
To solve this problem, i know that im going to need a counter of the total ball passes than will eventually be returned.
I will also need an array of counters for each individual person that holds the ball. I think i can then approach the problem 
by using a for loop that will loop over the amout of people in the group (M), then for each person in the group that holds the
ball i will increment their individual counter aswell as the total counter of all passes. I will need some condition that checks 
the amount of times each person has received the ball and then if that value is equal to M then the loop is broken and the total
is returned. I will shift the position of who holds the ball by decrementing the current ball holder (lets say i) by the value of L 
if the current ball holders count is even or incrementing the current ball holder by the value of L if their count is odd. 

Reflection:
I faced quite a bit of problem when approaching this problem with a for loop, i dont think it was the most logical initial
thought as i wanted the loop to continue until the break condition was met, not for any other reason. I instead decided to use 
a unconditional while loop, this allowed me to exit out of the loop only once the break condition was met. This in turn meant
that i had to initialise the first ball holder outside of the loop. I also found that i needed to set the initial ball holder's 
counter to be 1, as they will always have held the ball once. The next major issue i faced in my solution was the indexing, 
i realised i needed a condition that checks whether the ball holder was greater than N (if shifting right) or less than 0 
(if shifting left). Furthemore, i ended up using a vector over an array for the individual counter, as it was cleaner and easier to initialise how i 
wanted to. 

Problem #3 (StreetParking)

Initial Thoughts:
To solve this problem, i think i can use a brute force approach which checks the characters of the street string. 
Using a for loop that loops over the length of the string and then checking if they are either D, S or B, 
and then checking the previous and following characters to see if they are -. Also considering the necessary spaces needed,
3 consecutive -'s before a B and 1 after, 2 consecutive -'s before a S 2 after and finally one on each side of a D. 

Reflection:



Problem #3 (CircularLine)

Initial Thoughts:
Brute Force approach, considering all of the elements in the array that are given and then compare all of the travel distances
between all of them. This is a brute force approach and will have a poor average time complexity as it will firstly require 
you to traverse the array and then depending on the amount of elements given continue to traverse to array this many times and 
compare each time. 
